A README.md file with explanations of the technologies used,
 the approach taken, installation instructions, unsolved problems, etc.
 
 
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
										
										
README.md
										
										
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


Phrase Me! I started with the notion that I was going build a game that tried to mimic the
game show called Wheel of Fortune with the HTML/CSS skills and Javascript language that 
were taught.As I started building the game, Phrase Me, the game began to turn out to 
more of a combination of Wheel of Fortune and Hang Man.

With the desire to practice the technique that caused me the most trouble understanding, 
I started building the game with mostly DOM (Document Object Model) method. Then I added 
on jQuery, methods, constructor functions. 

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Here is a brief outline of Phrase Me.

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


First thing I did was set up index.html and an index1.html. The home page to the game
was all designed within index.html, while the page to play the game was designed within
index1.html. Each of these are linked with their appropriate javascript files and css
files.

The javascript codes begins with $(document.ready(function() { which allows me to use
jQuery within the code. Then it proceeds to call a function called 

generateTable() which generates a table with 4 rows and 14 columns dynamically. 

All the cells ('td') are placed in an element with an id #phrase. I also call 
another function with the functionName of 

phraseGen() which contains an array of full of phrases that are randomly selected and then
called as an argument for the function phraseLength(array[random]). 

When phraseLength(array[random]) function is called it proceeds in checking 
the argument which was a random phrase that was generated by phraseGen(). This function
makes the white spaces in the cells of the table created from earlier while setting spaces 
between the phrases as the same color as they were before(#66b8ff).

Within the function phraseLength(string), there is another function that is called named 
letterCheck(string). This function pushed the same random phrase to the letterCheck(string)
function.

letterCheck(string) {} is Big Whale of my first project!!
The magic button in this code which was given many responsibilities 
with the click of this. The code contains many local variables. One being
an array that receives new arrays containing letters that are freshly 
guessed. Same letter guess will bring an alert that contains unfriendly words 
"BRICK!" Next...". After checking if it is a new letter guessed, the function 
changes players. This is done by checking if the backgroundColor of a global 
variable player1 is document.turn("red" at this time) which makes the backgroundColor
of player1.style.backgroundColor to empty '' while also setting player2.style.
backgroundColor to 'blue' if true. Then alternating players by the click of the button.
It then calls a function called spinAway();

spinAway() generates random numbers which are rounded up. The numbers that come out dictate 
how much points given that round. 

The next thing letterCheck(string) function does is that it checks if the value in the 
input matches a character within the phrase. If there is a match, the cell that is
in the table is changed to a background color of orange and the letter that matched is 
placed innerHTML. This function also checks to see if any of the player guessed the 
phrase correctly. If so it shows the answers which are done by placed innerHTML to each
cell that are/were white. This then returns a result of true which is used to alert 
the players to show who won. The last function and code within this code is LetterBank(letter)

LetterBank(letter) looks to see if the letter matches one of the innerHTML from a hidden 
word bank that is only shown if clicked on the element with an id of #wordbank. If there is
a match the background of the div with the same innerHTML will be turned black and the
color to white.

There are also two other buttons which hide and show certain things like the wordbank.


////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

What I Learned

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


Through this project, I was able to more clearly understand scoping, hoisting, trello,
gitHub, functions, functions with arguments/parameters, jQuery, DOM, methods, and constructor 
functions. I had a hard time grasping the arguments/parameters in a function. 

I tried to git add ./ commit -m "message here"/ push origin gh-pages as many times as 
I remembered to. Typing my username and pw every single time got pretty annoying. No 
functions to loop around this?? 

What I learned playing around with html and css is that divs are friends not foes. I am
not sure if this is the most ideal way but it was most helpful during this project.

My main unsolved problem was trying to alter the board. I also had a tough time with the
end of the game in the way that, even when the a game is alerted that there is a winner
the game still proceeds to click on. 

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Trello

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


https://trello.com/b/iQKgWWri/ga-wdi-project-1


////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

GitHub

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////


http://kwakiekwak.github.io/Phrase-Me-/index1.html
